In business you want to run to your fears.
What the heck is Chris talking about now?
Well, if you're scared of something or fearful of something in business,
then chances are your competition and your colleagues are as well.
For me, earlier in my career I was so scared of public speaking. I was terrified of it.
And so what I did was,
I actually started volunteering in the,
at Maguire Correctional Facilities,
the prison here in Redwood City, California.
And I would target, I would go in,
and give speeches and just give optimism, what not.
It was done through the church,
wasn't just religious thing though.
And I would talk to these 20 year olds
that didn't have the luxury of having two parents growing up like I did.
A lot of them had single parents or no parents at all.
They were orphans. God bless them.
And so, I went into the prison system and I started giving, you know,
speeches on optimism and what not.
And I was so scared the first time I did it.
First time I did, there's actually a guy in there that had the F-word-- right here.
And 20 or 30 people were sitting in the audience.
And it actually scared me,
but once I conquered that fear I was never the same.
And I look forward to public speaking now.
I absolutely love it, I thrive on it.
I love helping people.
And so in business and in life,
you should always try to run to your fears because your competition won't do that.